Update distributed apps to v2 format (#169)
cncf/glossary: definitions/distributed_apps.md

---
## Distributed Apps

### What it is

> A distributed application is an application where the functionality is broken down into multiple smaller independent parts. Distributed applications are usually composed of individual [microservices](https://github.com/cncf/glossary/blob/main/definitions/microservices.md) that handle different concerns within the broader application. In a cloud native environment the individual components typically run as [containers](https://github.com/cncf/glossary/blob/main/definitions/container.md) on a [cluster](https://github.com/cncf/glossary/blob/main/definitions/cluster.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A distributed application is an application where the functionality is broken down into multiple smaller independent parts. Distributed applications are usually composed of individual [microservices](https://github.com/cncf/glossary/blob/main/definitions/microservices.md) that are responsible for defined bounded contexts of functionality within the broader application. In a cloud native environment the individual components typically run as [containers](https://github.com/cncf/glossary/blob/main/definitions/container.md) on a [cluster](https://github.com/cncf/glossary/blob/main/definitions/cluster.md) or independent functions. 
```

Author: So I prefer the original language. I think different concerns is more accessible and not materially worse than bringing up bounded contexts which would also need to be defined.

### The problem it addresses 

> An application running on one single computer represents a single point of failure — if that computer fails, the application becomes unavailable.

Reviewer: I think this should be extended to the various problems distributed applications address, single point of failure being one of them, but also efficiency in horizontal scalability, reduction of risk by minimizing surface of change, etc. (may be added as an issue and looked into in a further iteration, perhaps only mention that there are various different problem spaces that are solvable following this pattern)

Author: Really solid point. I'll update the definition.

### How it helps

> When splitting an application into different pieces and running them in many places, the overall system can tolerate more failures. It also allows an application to take advantage of scaling features not available to a single application instance, namely the ability to [scale horizontally](https://github.com/cncf/glossary/blob/main/definitions/horizontal-scaling.md). This does, however, come at a cost: increased complexity and operational overhead — you’re now running lots of application components instead of one app.

Reviewer: I see that some of the problems that I added above are actually shown as solution areas here, probably just need to expand problem spaces above.
